a level five yep cuz imma beast capture
the leader because i'm a beast you want
to hear it again no it's cuz i'm at
least after the leader you know why I'm
a level five could you suck cuz im a
beast now we're gonna get completely
owned like we should have never we
should have never left oh oh no I leader
oh shit oh no their leader leader was
captured nah I just I lost you I lost
game over I don't like this already
a 76 we're so screwed no random need
what what what are they open that up to
we need a whole lot of nothing yeah we
did loser what the fog on Nova is a
leader oh my god who am i press a why
are you I don't know who I am who the
hell am I I don't know hey we could
trade weapons creamy weapons give me
your weapon buddy how do you do it sex
how do you do it for sex I'm pushing
weapons thanks I don't want this shit
yeah leader got a shitty good Oh God
well there's their leader help me they
got me already know what do I do he's
he's carrying me around I don't even get
to do anything maybe alone asshole there
we go spoofing oh yeah yeah save me then
they're gonna do bad things to me oh yes
yes ah Oh No
I'm crawling away we got their leader
interesting twist right and my god I
can't do I keep saying disgusting
creature really yeah I wouldn't know
because I can hey please oh I can feel
his junk on my back Oh me breathing all
free for a little bit Oh laters oh oh
daddy oh no I tried to make a break for
everyone i got like oh yes good job you
guys got yeah we got this uh whoa where
did that move you alien thing he's
carrying me around what do we do save me
I'll screw you I guess like a break hold
when it says push be right see what I've
kind of mash like crazy when it comes up
it's not up all the time bring right now
I'll save you I'll be fatal fatal yeah
who's behind me yeah hey you know oh yes
come on keep em brothers you still have
their teammate I'll get the fuck out of
here no no no what happened oh shit he's
down oh god there's thrilled
oh no little yeah don't let him give me
again I felt horrible things can i
execute the chicken or kicked it yeah
i'm gonna kick this chicken chicken
chaser hey how do you do it yourself
wait no one give it come here don't get
captured well don't die then they're
their leaders coming down here oh my oh
he just ripped my arm are you gonna boom
boom fuck you I need help right now oh
my god my whole team's right here help
me you scoop guess yes we're gonna put a
little blue bring up freeport oh god he
killed everybody whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa another enemy gyri oh no ink with
the fucking income from stop shooting me
buddy oh man Oh Tom wait thank God that
they'll see this is retarded like what
am I supposed to do well I'm fucking
captured think something they golly
pretty much get to off me we have to
play like five of these matches help me
hey whoa but the play five of these
matches to unlock like skin you let me
go what the fuck you really yeah let me
go gotta burn you your jerk whoa that
guy explode past me around for the
points that's what they're doing
this is disgusting passing me around
like I'm some sort of toy you gotta save
me oh you're by rap ah me now and watch
I like those gonna do you know I die
from me why not gonna keep me oh he's
covering your mouth you don't scream god
I had most leader CAD ribbed ended up be
pretty embarrassing yeah halo 5 Secret
Service let's play five of these matches
that will unlock shit